Creating SSO 7.6 Release Notes (#1600)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: release_notes/topics/product/7_6.adoc

== Session limits

{project_name} now supports limits on the number of sessions a user can have. Limits can be placed at the realm level or at the client level.

For more details, see the link:{adminguide_link}#_user_session_limits[{adminguide_name}].

== SAML ECP Profile is disabled by default

To mitigate the risk of abusing SAML ECP Profile, {project_name} now blocks
this flow for all SAML clients that do not allow it explicitly. The profile
can be enabled using _Allow ECP Flow_ flag within client configuration,
see  link:{adminguide_link}#_client-saml-configuration[{adminguide_name}].

== Other improvements

* Account console alignments with latest PatternFly release.
* Support for encrypted User Info endpoint response.
* Support for the algorithm RSA-OAEP with A256GCM used for encryption keys.
* Support for login with GitHub Enterprise server.

= Existing technology preview features

The following features continue to be in a Technology Preview status:

* Cross-site data replication

* Token exchange

* Fine-grained authorization permissions

= Removed or deprecated features

These features have a change in status:

> * The `podDisruptionBudget` field in the Keycloak CR is deprecated and will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on Kubernetes version 1.25 and higher. As a workaround, see the link:{upgradingguide_link}#rh_sso_7_6[{upgradingguide_name}].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `podDisruptionBudget` field in the Keycloak CR is deprecated and will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on OpenShift 4.12 and higher. As a workaround, see the link:{upgradingguide_link}#rh_sso_7_6[{upgradingguide_name}].
```
